Add expand to `NavList` (#4686)
primer/react: .changeset/many-rivers-deny.md

---
'@primer/react': minor
---

> Adds new sub-component to `NavList`, `NavList.Expand`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `NavList.ShowMoreItem` component to support showing more content within a `NavList`.
```

Just an idea for the changelog, really just `NavList.Expand` -> `NavList.ShowMoreItem` is all that's needed.
